vmagent: show only unhealthy targets if `show_only_unhealthy` filter is enabled (#6960)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmgateway](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgateway/): support parsing `vm_access` claims in string format. This is useful for cases when identity provider does not support mapping claims to JSON format.
* FEATURE: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): add new metrics for data ingestion: `vm_rows_received_by_storage_total`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="nan_value"}`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="invalid_raw_metric_name"}`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="hourly_limit_exceeded"}`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="daily_limit_exceeded"}`. See this [PR](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6663) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): change request method for `/query_range` and `/query` calls from `GET` to `POST`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6288).

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): show only unhealthy targets if `show_only_unhealthy` filter is enabled. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3536).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): hide jobs that contain only healthy targets when `show_only_unhealthy` filter is enabled. Before, jobs without unhealthy targets were still displayed on the page. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3536).
```
